
Welcome to Mock Mentor!
    Where your preparation gives results

    - This is an AI-generated Mock Interview service where you can practice technical job interviews and sharpen your skills, confidence and results. 

    - In these Mock Mentor interviews, you will be able to practice your interiewing skills and improve your public speaking abilities which will help you tackle interviews.

    - AI is integrated in this service to help you become better at job interviews. With the help of AI-Constructed Questions and Feedback and ratings, you can identify and strengthen your weaknesses.

    - To get started, go to the Dashboard section and login to your account. If you don't have an account, you can sign-up for free from the Dashboard section. Here you will be able to add new interview practice sessions. You can also view past sessions, retake your answers and view feedback on your interviews.

    - Click on "Add New" and a pop-up will open up and ask you to enter job interview details. It will ask you for job position, description or the tech stack involved for the position and years of experience required/preferred by the job. Then click on "Start Interview" and 5 questions and ideal answers will be generated by AI based on the input you provide.

    - Once the questions are generated, you will be redirected to a page where it will ask you to enable camera and microphone access. Just click on "Enable Webcam and Microphone" and confirm access. It is totally optional to enable camera access, because you will not be rated based on how you look while answering the questions. However, it is necessary to enable microphone access, because your speech will be converted to text and then the text will be analyzed by AI to give rating and feedback. 
    Note: We do not store your recorded answer. However, we do store the text that was converted from your speech answer.

    - After you answer all 5 questions, click on "End Interview" to end the interview. You will then be shown feedback details of each question. Click on each question and you will see the rating (out of 10), your answer (converted from speech to text), and AI-constructed feedback and ideal response. You can look at the feedback and see what areas and skills you need to improve and what already excel in. You can also compare your answer with the ideal answer that recruiters and hiring managers may expect from you.

    - You can also navigate to FAQs and upgrade section to look at the most frequently asked questions. 
    Currently, you can only create two mock interviews for free and subscription service for full access is under development.


Libraries and frameworks used:
    - Next.js       : front-end
    - GeminiAI API  : generate questions & rate answers
    - React         : front-end
    - Shadcn UI     : front-end
    - Tailwind CSS  : front-end
    - Drizzle ORM   : data management
    - PostgreSQL    : database
    - Clerk         : User Login & Sign-ups


- Next steps: 
    1) Implementing subscriptions for the service
    2) Deployment
    3) Adding coding questions + difficulty level
